Wished: add Modern nature by Derek Jarman (#172)
esafev/thoughts: src/pages/wishes.mdx

- [ ] **Backpack/Helmetbag**: I'm dreaming of the ideal bag for me, I think I should make it myself because it's really hard to find the ideal one. I've had my lovely **Porter Yoshida Tanker Daypack** for a long time, but I want something minimalist with no extra pockets, it must have only one main pocket for my laptop and only one extra pocket for my wallet and keys, ideally it should be a helmet bag... There are so many dependable variables that I think it's really better to craft it myself;
- [ ] **Porsche 911 ride**: I'm a really big fan of cars, ... all cars, but 911 Porsche is my absolute favourite from my childhood, so I really want to feel this car on the drive wheel;
- [ ] [**Berkeley Mono Trial**](https://berkeleygraphics.com/typefaces/berkeley-mono): Developer Package.

> - [ ] [**Dererk Jarman. Modern nature**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/195040.Modern_Nature): My personal holy bible, I had the one but in another language.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] [**Modern nature by Derek Jarman**](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/195040.Modern_Nature): My personal holy bible, I had the one but in another language.
```
